Monthly Day manager report,
Periodic Informative
February 2021



The Cozart
Condominium Corporation #8210785




By
Roger Lamy
Day manager






February 22, 2021


Some of the tasks executed since the last report

The old circulation pump that was located in the gym has been dismounted and I find out that the compasants have been damaged by overheating.
That happens when a pump is running too long without water.
I did data entering in the FIIX system on circulation pumps(add) and updated water shutdown procedure to include unknown circulation pump

Dismount Christmas decoration and stored them

Staircase heavy cleaning located emergency East side at P2 level , sand was accumulated from the car wash drain canal.

P2 cleanout cover sinking on P2. I cleaned  out traps, to build a scope of work and budget , search for parts and other resources needed to complete the project .
I cutted and layout plywood plank to cover drain cleanout access that we are planning to fix  

Intercom was offline for a couple of hours, our service provider for our Mircom phone access system was out of town and I resetted the panel.
Since then the phone access panel is working better. I am working to install the Mircom software to manage the intercom on our laptop. I did that installation successfully before for another building

I dismounted the portable transfer pump used for transfert glycol from baril to the system (chiller or heating). The pump was seized in the rust and now the parts are moving freely. I have tested the pump  but not sure how much pressure the pump can provide.

The garage door was offline for most of the afternoon Friday January 29, 2021. The problem was the drive belt failure,No belt was available on site to fix it and at that time, even if I had the belt I may not have had the garage working properly. All Kind Door Services Ltd fixed the problem finally, that was not an easy fix as the belt size was different. The size change with some brand Now I have in stock two potential  sizes(B29 , B30) that we may need in the future.FYI, they are attached to the garage door electric switch beside the garage door on p1.

Tenant from 304 was complaining regarding the heating system making strong fluid noise, I turned off one of both heating circulation pumps and now the noise is acceptable. 703 owners mentioned that problem last winter and  we should have enough heat capacity with one pump running .  

I replaced the 101 unit toilet tank lever that we cannot find in Home depot or Lowes, only wholesale  plumbing  has it  in stock.

I tried to adjust the new lock pin but we have no room to adjust it higher. The additional lock on the front door was installed recently and was not installed perfectly .

I downloaded and installed the Telephone Access System (formally named intercom) to be able to backup and reboot the system.

I fixed the door knob on P2 2021 2 04

On february 5, The water was pumped by me to facilitate the plumber  installation of rebuilted sanitary sub pump . The plumber installed the sub pump the same day.

On the Feb 6 weekend the ramp stopped working , the following Monday,  after reading the manual ,I overwritten the ramp controller to have it melting the built up  ice. Later the technician found that the programmation was incorrect and reprogrammed .It was the day that I discovered the functionality of this controller as that was indocumented.

I fixed the Cris Rheaume parking stall electric outlet by solving a sticky breaker in the electric panel .Took me a while to locate the breaker as the electric panels directories  are not totally accurate  or  informations  are missing for some breakers.

The generator has been successfully tested during the cold weather.

On Friday 12 a took a day off with my accumulated vacation time.  
I still have four days remaining from my fist contract year.

I have to tighten the screw on the p2 door again , I found the round plate behind the knob unscrew , should be fine now.

On the week of February 15 :Lime & Scale issue. I asked 201  tenant  Amanda to run their hot water in the bathtub for a while and observe if they will find scale built up. A couple of days later they told me  that yes they  found the scale but if I didn't ask to look at lime and  scale  specifically  they would not notice it. From a picture from  the 401 bathtub tenant the scale was more noticeable and even worse when I removed the aerator and asked her to let the hot water run for 20 minutes. In the past we got residents with faucets clogged with scale . That issue has to be investigated  to prevent future problems. After those findings I flushed the two hot water tanks as required periodically.

On the week of Feb. 15  I gave access to some caulking contractors on the skyclub and roof they were here for caulking quotation.

On Feb 17 During  I found that the garage door belt, the one that had been replaced recently in bad condition and asked Jennifer to send the contractor All kind door back to fix it . He found the pulley misaligned, the belt was wearing out and twisted . He adjusted the pulleys ,replaced the belt with a belt that I have in stock because he was not carrying the right size . I don't know why because the belt B29  is used often on those doors . He mentioned that the bearing on the garage door controller may need to be replaced in the future but he suggested replacing the whole thing!

On friday 19, 2021 :till last Friday morning the chiller system was drained during the day I fill up the Chiller system with water till probably the 10th floor to see if I have water leak on the boiler room and test a valve marked as to be replaced(no I didn't not replaced the steam of this valve yet). A bucket was installed before I started working here  under a six inches pipe and I want to know if this pipe needs service. I don't have the list of suites done with the last retrofit work. I didn't not received any complaints and I don't know if other units have issues.  I believe that Confort Aire should be called in, to double check all of them soon.    At 10:52 am Saturday 20 th I got a call from the 703 owner regarding his new AC unit dripping , he asked me to stop by his place to show me the dripping but he didn't answer the door. At 11:30 I started the chiller drainage. Note that the chiller system contained only fresh water.

On Friday 19 , 2021 After a resident started  struggling to open the garage door from outside after 3pm  I tried to call GO Smart and spoke with Jason, a contractor . He suggested I wait till Monday as the door works normally when we get close to the door. Monday, Jennifer send All Kind Door on site to fix that intermittent problem.



waiting for answer :
new:

add a LED Car wash lights (coat lest of <$140) .

According to PFP plumber, the heating system is less important than the chiller regarding having glycoll in the system. Rust Inhibitor will increase PH of the system if the PH is too low. The citer water is already at PH 8 according to internet search.

Old:

Add Glycol to the Chiller system. We already have 600- 700 liter of Glycol in stock , enough to fill the chiller system . We need to add a rust inhibitor in the chiller and boiler loop.


Need to replace  the door handle on the  door (going from mailbox area  to 101 hallway), generator room, roof and sprinkler room . All last three are difficult to open and very old . Probably less than $400 .65- 85 each. That is something I did in the building .

Need the replace the garage door cables

Install  a defibrillator close  the  fire panel and buy a First Aid Kit  


--
Roger Lamy Day Manager Condominium Corp. #8210785 (The Cozart building )1001 14 Avenue SW, Calgary,Alberta T2R 1L2
 
© 2021 GitHub, Inc.
